batman, fly, flyman, fly, black
batman, fly, antman, hide, black
gandalf, think, birdman, fly, grey
gandalf, think, mouseman, steal, grey
catman, run, dogman, catch, brown
catman, run, beast, scream, brown
dogman, catch, catman, run, brown
dogman, catch, beast, scream, brown
eggman, stink, charming, smile, white
eggman, stink, goatman, jump, white
eggman, stink, elisa, freeze, white
fishman, swim, brave, fight, blue
birdman, fly, gandalf, think, grey
birdman, fly, mouseman, steal, grey
flyman, fly, batman, fly, black
flyman, fly, antman, hide, black
sofaman, stay, superman, run, red
sofaman, stay, appleman, eat, red
sofaman, stay, spiderman, fly, red
beast, scream, catman, run, brown
beast, scream, dogman, catch, brown
goblin, hide, shrek, stink, green
goblin, hide, spinachman, grow, green
goblin, hide, robinhood, steal, green
superman, run, sofaman, stay, red
superman, run, appleman, eat, red
superman, run, spiderman, fly, red
charming, smile, eggman, stink, white
charming, smile, goatman, jump, white
charming, smile, elisa, freeze, white
shrek, stink, goblin, hide, green
shrek, stink, spinachman, grow, green
shrek, stink, robinhood, steal, green
appleman, eat, sofaman, stay, red
appleman, eat, superman, run, red
appleman, eat, spiderman, fly, red
spinachman, grow, goblin, hide, green
spinachman, grow, shrek, stink, green
spinachman, grow, robinhood, steal, green
antman, hide, batman, fly, black
antman, hide, flyman, fly, black
mouseman, steal, gandalf, think, grey
mouseman, steal, birdman, fly, grey
spiderman, fly, sofaman, stay, red
spiderman, fly, superman, run, red
spiderman, fly, appleman, eat, red
goatman, jump, eggman, stink, white
goatman, jump, charming, smile, white
goatman, jump, elisa, freeze, white
brave, fight, fishman, swim, blue
elisa, freeze, eggman, stink, white
elisa, freeze, charming, smile, white
elisa, freeze, goatman, jump, white
robinhood, steal, goblin, hide, green
robinhood, steal, shrek, stink, green
robinhood, steal, spinachman, grow, green